# Contributions
### Palvi Sabherwal
In our team project, I managed the Firebase storage, implemented the delete furniture feature, added the screenshot feature, and worked on the 'View Previous Rooms' page. For the Firebase storage, I worked on saving and retrieving the room layout images (taken by the User via the screenshot button on each layout page). The room layout images are displayed on the 'View Previous Rooms' page, where the user can view it in fullscreen mode and delete the projects they no longer wish to save (images are also deleted from the Firebase). I also added a delete furniture feature to each room page, where the user can remove furniture pieces from their layout. For most of the quarter, I acted as 'Scrum Master' and was mainly responsible for documenting our team's progress and section deliverables (which explains the large number of commits in our git repo). 

### Emily Thai
For this project, I did pair programming with Vaani for the Splash page and the Navigation Bar. I also pair programmed with Palvi in creating the Custom Room by getting user inputs from Firebase and using it to create the custom room dimensions, then deleting the data after. After that, I created a way for the user to see the distances between the furnitures and the four walls. The main issue I worked with is merging all the different issues of everything. Vaani helped me in merging as well as testing to make sure everything worked fine. Other than that, I provided help to anyone who needed it, especially in helping understand how to add new features to the new merged branches.

### Hannah Shakouri
In our team project, I contributed to both the UI design and functionality of the app. Vaani and I began by designing the initial user interface for the app on Figma, which ensures a visually appealing and user friendly design. Collaborating with Bella, I worked on implementing the Create Room options and contributed to the development of various room types. My initial implementation included a drawer style furniture list for the rooms, which allowed users to select furniture items for their layouts. However, based on feedback after achieving the MVP, we decided to revise the peremanent furniture list to include categories for different room types. I implemented this new categorized furniture list as part of my HW4 contribution, incorporating a scrollable feature for ease of navigation. Additionally, I designed new furniture items and added them to the list to enhance the user experience and provide more customization options for the rooms. 

### Bella Ward
For out project, I worked mainly on coding the starting implementation of the Create Room page, the Square Room page, the Rectangle Room page, and the LongRectangle Room page (later turned into Custom Room). For Create Room, I added the agreed upon background image, the title of text for the page and the buttons to choose the different room options. For Square Room I added a room object of fixed square size to the page. For the Rectangle Room and Long Rectangle Room I added a room object of fixed rectangular size to the page.
I also worked on design / UI of the whole project. For this I made all of the buttons and dropdowns have appearingly uniform shape and size. I also added a new unique font for all pages. I adjusted the size and font for all text across all pages to have an appearingly uniform font and size. This included editing the Splash page, Login page, Create Room page, Square Room page, Rectangle Room page, and Custom Room page. I also added implementation to display for the height and width of the size of the room on the Square Room page and Rectangle Room page. 

### Niyati Mummidivarapu
In our team project, I worked with Charlene to create the login page where the user can create an account and login once they created an account. We also ensure that these logins are saved in our firebase. I then worked on adding images to the side drawer that Hannah created, this is where the user can choose different furniture which get added to the room they are in. Once I added the list of furniture I implemented the app so that when a user clicked on the furniture it popped up in the room. Additionally, I implemented the dragging feature of the furniture so the user can drag each furniture around the room and place it where they want. I then ran into a bug where the furniture disappeared after the user dragged the image around. So in our HW4 I implemented unit tests to test the functionality of the dragging feature. Using those tests I was able to fix the furniture dragging bug.

### Vaani Arora
In the team project, I first worked on the design of the splash page, the initial Welcome page as well as the backgrounds in figma with Hannah that are used in all the pages except the room layouts. I then worked on the navigation to make sure that all the buttons for the first three pages directs the user to the next. I worked on the Navigation Bar at the bottom that allows the user to switch between all the pages. Emily worked on adding the icons to the navigation bar. Next, I worked on the Custom Room input. I created a drop down menu under the custom room button that allows the user to input the dimensions of the room they want. I also worked with Emily on the merges, though a majority was done by Emily! I wrote on inital Design document, including creating the diagram in figma, and User Manual document for the final. 

### Charlene Patenaude
In our team project, I worked with Niyati and Hannah on my first few issues. Because I was asigned testing for my homework assignment, I ended up creating a unit test for the Login Page to ensure everything was working as intended. I also worked to ensure that the rooms would fit in the screen for each type of room that we are providing (default square, default rectangle, and custom rooms). This tied in with another issue that I worked on which required me to find the average size of each piece of furniture that we would have displayed in the app. I then added dimensions all of the furntiture in each of the room files so that they would all be unique. I also worked on making a standardized scaleFactor that would be used to convert pixels to feet in both the room display and the dimensions of the furniture. This was done in all rooms. The default rooms used a different scale than the custom so that the custom has more options and flexibility. This was also applied to the furniture. 
